2626: Potential candidates may be discouraged from running less by the congressional salary than by the prospect of defeat at the hands of a Democratic opponent .
4609: We have no problem to our freight service at all expect for the fact businesses are shut down .
2929: Proceeds will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes , including expansion of the company 's operations .
5879: Besides creating joint manufacturing ventures , the accord is expected to give GM about a 15 % stake that eventually would rise to about 30 % .
1289: Some analysts are especially wary of credit-card issues .
3614: On almost every other farm in South Africa , black workers do the repairs .
2504: Mr. Gaubert 's suit to recover his damages was dismissed last year by U.S. District Judge Robert Maloney of Dallas under the Federal Tort Claims Act , which offers broad protection for actions by federal agencies and employees .
4430: These proposals include changing the term of the chairman , shortening the terms of the members , eliminating the presidents of the Federal Reserve Banks from the decision-making process , putting the Secretary of the Treasury on the Federal Reserve Board , having the Fed audited by an arm of Congress -LRB- the General Accounting Office -RRB- , putting the Fed 's expenditures in the budget , and requiring prompt publication of the Fed 's minutes .
3585: New York State law prohibits insurance brokerages from deriving more than 10 % of revenue from insuring affiliated companies .
6399: Unlike the other nations of the bloc , East Germany is a creature of the Cold War .
82: On a percentage basis , Germany Fund Inc. led the gainers , leaping to 67,972 shares from three shares .
4735: Now they do n't have to , he says .
5627: They currently have large orders for cargo planes .
213: Sales for the just-ended period fell to about $ 225 million , the maker of computer parts said .
832: While the vast bulk of it was indeed spent by reputable organizations on the good works it was raised for , it 's equally true that a sizable hunk was consumed in expenses claimed by other operators , including fraudulent expenses .
4418: Under a separate arrangement , British Aerospace PLC 's Rover Group PLC subsidiary will also be able to offer the vehicles through its dealers in the U.K. , and Renault 's truck-building subsidiary Renault Vehicles Industriels will have similar rights in France .
4983: The provisions , in deficit-reduction bills recently passed by the House and Senate , could further cool the takeover boom that has been the driving force behind the bull market in stocks for much of the 1980s , some tax experts and investment bankers argue .
75: Some analysts suggest , however , that the ratio has weakened in value as an indicator because options and other products can be used to hedge short positions .
6066: 50 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with an indicated 0.5 % coupon at par , via Bank Julius Baer .
4108: The insurers ' relative resilience gave the market time to reappraise the impact of the California disaster on U.K. equities , dealers said .
654: So often are government statistics revised that they seem to resemble a spinning weather vane .
5644: Trading was light on the Pacific Stock Exchange yesterday , with workers at the exchange 's main floor in San Francisco struggling to execute orders by flashlight as a result of a continuing power outage .
4081: The stepped-up administration warnings annoyed some lawmakers , especially senior Republicans who supported the bill because they thought the Transportation Department favored it .
4511: Abortion foes in Wisconsin , meanwhile , expect a parental-consent bill to be sent to the state assembly floor by early November and are hopeful of prevailing in both houses by next March .
4690: Champion International Corp. 's third-quarter profit dropped 17 % , reflecting price declines for certain paper products , operating problems at certain mills , and other factors .
1375: Moreover , he said , technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they 've been erased from a computer 's memory .
878: I think some people may believe they 're helping fund a massive TV and print campaign , but we could n't find that the charity does anything except write these letters , he says .
4174: The housing starts numbers , however , are one of the least precise of the government 's economic indicators and are often revised significantly as more information is collected .
6514: A spokesman for National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , said the network was looking into what happened .
5743: Mr. Peters , a LaSalle Street legend among the post-World War II generation of commodity traders , was rumored to have amassed a multimillion-dollar fortune from commodity trading and other activities by the time he died in May .
1015: New York real estate brokerage Edward S. Gordon Co. will have the difficult task of finding new tenants .
3126: Chrysler will idle a Toledo assembly plant temporarily due to slowing sales of its profitable Jeep Cherokee and Wagoneer sport utility vehicles .
903: UAL declined to comment on British Air 's statement .
5813: Consider , for example , what happened to Maxwell House coffee .
4036: Biggest trouble was scared family who could n't get a phone line through , and spent a really horrible hour not knowing .
1054: Traditional no-loads made their money by charging an annual management fee , usually a modest one ; they imposed no other fees , and many still do n't .
1981: The Cypress structure opened in June 1957 , and as such , like many buildings in the San Francisco Bay area , does not meet current building codes requiring considerably more steel support .
2006: We are prepared to support those changes , said Mr. Mosbacher .
72: The figures occasionally include incomplete transactions in restricted stock .
5537: Innocent bystanders often are the victims .
5610: Mr. Daly said such discussions are motivated by the competitive threat posed by Federal Express , United Parcel Service of America Inc. and other fast-growing air-freight companies .
2512: The suit , which seeks compensatory and punitive damages of $ 1 million , alleges that the firing of Marcia Trees Levine violated New York state 's human-rights law .
2524: LAWYERS IN Texas 's biggest bank-fraud case want out in face of retrial .
2000: The change taking place in the Soviet Union , Poland and Hungary has aroused new hope in both German states that reforms will be undertaken in -LCB- East Germany -RCB- , and that relations between the two German states , too , will get better , said Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher .
4003: It runs out frantically now and then , and is clearly pretty distressed .
5221: At Lockheed Corp. 's missiles and space systems group in Sunnyvale , about 40 miles south of San Francisco , workers were asked to head to work yesterday after it was realized that there were no show-stoppers in the 150-plus buildings on its one-square-mile campus .
3628: But my father meant it to mean real separation , says the son .
2835: As the ad 's tone implies , the Texas spirit is pretty xenophobic these days , and Lone Star is n't alone in trying to take advantage of that .
2782: Even Mao Tse-tung 's China began in 1949 with a partnership between the communists and a number of smaller , non-communist parties .
3108: Mr. Gintel owns 300,000 of the company 's 6.3 million common shares outstanding .
